Fits structural kw docs (#9352)
astropy/astropy: docs/io/fits/appendix/faq.rst

In a future release it will be more convenient to automatically perform this
sort of cleanup when closing FITS files, where needed.

Using header['NAXIS2'] += 1 does not add another row to my Table
----------------------------------------------------------------

> `NAXIS` and similar keywords are FITS *structural* keywords and should not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``NAXIS`` and similar keywords are FITS *structural* keywords and should not be
```

modified by the user. They are automatically updated by :mod:`astropy.io.fits`
when checking the validity of the data and headers. See `this discussion of

> structural keywords <../index.html#structural-keywords>`__ for more information.

Reviewer: Please use the `:ref:` directive for linking here.

Author: Ah, that's perfect. Thanks!

> To add rows to a table, simply modify the actual data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add rows to a table, you can modify the actual data.
```
